[COST-479] Remove NISE_REPO_PATH (#2344)
project-koku/koku: docs/source/testing.rst

    - OpenShift running on Azure
    - OpenShift on premises

> There is a complementary script to subsequently load test data for each source. The `nise`_ project is used to generate this test data. Nise is a dev dependency of koku, so a working copy of the nise command line tool shoudl be availble after running `pipenv install --dev`. See `.env.example`_ for example values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a complementary script to subsequently load test data for each source. The `nise`_ project is used to generate this test data. Nise is a dev dependency of koku, so a working copy of the nise command line tool should be available after running `pipenv install --dev`. See `.env.example`_ for example values.
```
